In front of you, you have a less high for hour display of the root directory in Lennix, the root directory
is specified by a forward slash with a listing of the root directory.
They are only four directories that are of interest to US Etsy Home UPT.
And for Etsy is the directory where you find all of your configuration files.
The home directory is for user created files and directories.
For example, we will be creating a backup script.
That backup script will be stored in our home directory.
The UPT directory is for the installation of add on software packages.
The VA directory contains TARTA used by various applications.
For example, our websites are stored inside the VA directory or log files are stored inside the VA
directory.
Here is the same information.
Only this time it's a graphical representation of a directory listing of the root directory.
The root directory is specified by a forward slash.
The home directory is identified with a tool.
Before we look at navigating the file system, using the change directory command, we need to look
at two terms which are very important.
Those two terms are the absolute path name and the local path and the difference between the two.
With the absolute Pathé, the location is specified relative to the root directory with the local path
name.
The location is specified relative to the current directory.
There are two examples on the screen to the right of the dollar sign.
You have the word no, no, no, no.
He's an editor.
We will be using we are using NENO to edit a file called Engin X Dot.
See in if the location of engine X dot com if it's in slash ATC slash Ingenix.
If you look at the terminal prompt, we are in our home directory.
So to open the engine extorts SEO in a file from our home directory.
We need to type the absolute POS name.
That is the path relative to the root directory.
If we look at the example underneath that we have no Ingenix slash engine Eckstut seo in F.
If you look to the left of the dollar sign, our current location in the file system is slash etsi to
open engine Eckstut Seo and if using Nano we could specify the absolute path name or we could use the
local path name.
So in this case it would be Nannup Ingenix slash Ingenix dot see a caniff at this stage.
If it doesn't make much sense, bear with me.
As soon as we start working on the server, I will be guiding you step by step.
Initially in the beginning I will use the absolute path.
No.
Then I will also show you how we could have done it using the local path name.
So for now, please make a note of absolute relative to the route local relative to the current directory.
The command to change directories is called C D.
Initially, when you start with the course, you may struggle to find the relevant directory.
It's not something to worry about.
You will become familiar with the location of the various files and directories that we are going to
be working with.
There are four variations of the code command changing to the home directory, changing to a specific
directory using the absolute POS or the local path, changing to the parent directory and changing to
the previous directory.
If you type CD all on its own and press enter, you will return to your home directory CD, followed
by either the absolute or local path name will change to that directory.
CD followed by two periods will change to the page.
Current directory CD hyphen will change to the previous directory.